>> Scott Moss: Let's make one more.
This one's gonna be called all tools, and
it's gonna be when we give
the agent all the tools at once,
cuz right now, we've only been
giving it one tool to pick.
What if we gave it all
the tools to pick and
then check to see if it
still picks the right tool.
Given that it can pick many tools, I wanna
determine if it can pick the right tool,
if given more than one option
to pick a tool, right?
Which is more real world.
So let's do that.
And I think this is mostly
all the same code as well.
Let me just double check.
I'm trying to be better at being
consistent with the notes that I have here
>> Scott Moss: Okay, yeah,
it's mostly all the same code, so
I'm just gonna copy what we already have.
I'll just take the dad joke one,
go to allTools, paste that in, like that.
I need to import the rest of these,
tool definitions.
>> Scott Moss: So I got that.
>> Scott Moss: The next thing I need
to do, I think I have a helper in here.
No, it's the same thing.
So really all I gotta do here is now
I just need to pass in all the tools
to the array.
Don't worry about this movie search one.
We haven't made that yet.
And then I need to make some inputs for
that same score, though.
So let's do that, I'm gonna
say allTools is all three of those.
To my array down here,
I'm just gonna pass in allTools like that.
Change the experiment from
whatever you had it to.
I'm calling mine allTools, and
then from here it's just like, okay,
let's come up with some inputs.
I expect when I say, tell me a funny
dad joke that you'll call the dad one.
Great, what else?
I expect that when the user says,
take a photo of mars,
that it will generate image definition.
And I expect if what is
the most apvoted post on reddit
to call the reddit ToolDefinition
>> Scott Moss: And
however many more you wanna do.
Again, ignore the movie one.
We didn't do that one yet,
I forgot to take that out.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let's run all Tools.
And let's see if this thing is smart or
not.
>> Scott Moss: Oof,
looks like two out of three passed.
One of them failed.
Let's go see,
which one do you think failed?
>> Speaker 2: Generate image.
>> Scott Moss: Generate image,
that's what I think too.
I'm gonna run it again.
Sometimes I like to run them many,
many, many times and
you get the average of all those runs but
this was pretty consistent.
Look at that, it's always failing on
the same one so what I can go do.
So I'm gonna go look at the results,
I'm gonna go all the way down here to
see where it fell that's a one on.
Which one is this?
Reddit, this is a zero on generate_image.
Yeah, it failed on generate_image.
Even though we said, hey,
take a photo means call this,
it's failing.
So then we would wanna go back and
then we would wanna go address this.
So maybe this one wasn't good enough, so
I'm gonna say,
I'm gonna change the whole thing.
I'm gonna say, use this tool
with a prompt to generate or
take a photo of anything.
Smaller prompt, but kind of tricks the AI
to thinking that it's doing something,
it's not, right?
I could even change the name to be like,
generate image or photo or
something like that.
And I might help it, but let's start
with that and see what happens.
Or actually I'm tripping I need to put
this down here I'm putting in the wrong
spot that's why hold on.
Let's put that here and
then here it's just like
the prompt to use to generate,
an image or take a photo.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, let's try that.
>> Scott Moss: Boom there we go,
self-healing it's good.
I run it again just to
be just to be sure there
we go looks like that was really good.
So let's go check out our dashboard
look at our visualization.
Look at that, that's a pay raise you
show that to your boss like look.
We went from here two months ago,
and now we're here.
That's a pay raise,
you could have statistical evidence
of why you deserve more
money with this chart.
So there you go.
>> Jamie: Can you talk about more like
real world scenarios that you get
into with.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, let's do it.
Let's dive into something
beyond just what we're doing.
And we're only going to talk about it,
we're not going to implement
any of this stuff, okay?
So let's do that.
We're gonna go to this repo that
I'm using called AutoEval, so
that's what we're actually importing.
And here AutoEvals,
let me go to the root of this thing.
Here's a lot of the metrics and
scores that it has.
So I talked about LLM as a judge.
Here are a lot of them,
I can talk about some of them.
So the battle one is essentially like
getting the result of one thing from your
system versus the result from an internal
one and seeing which one's better.
And then if yours is better,
then you get a higher score.
Closed QA is basically testing whether or
not the LLM,
whatever model you're using,
can answer the question.
Based off of the data that it's already
trained on without having to use
external data.
Without you basically would test whether
or not the LM already knows the answer to
something without you having to give it
more context with rag or a system prompt.
It should just know it.
Like if I go as GPT 3.5,
something about the Olympics in 1990,
I would expect it to know that
without me having to tell
it because it should have
been trained on that data.
That's a close QA.
So it's checking whether or not this
LLM knows the information without you
having to tell it, which is useful because
then now you know what you should tell it.
Humor, I have no idea what that is, but
I'm guessing it detects if
this thing is funny or not.
[LAUGH] If people want to do that.
Factuality, it's exactly what it sounds is
the it's checking to see
if the response is factual,
if it's real, based off of some context.
Moderation, exactly what it sounds like,
some of these other things,
I don't know, SQL I guess it detects if
this is legit SQL, if it's executable SQL,
not broken SQL.
Kind of scary, then you have the rag ones.
This is where it just like, you know what?
This is where it gets really,
I gotta go to another website
to show you this one actually.
So remember something called ragas.
Ragas is a Python
framework that is literally
its only purpose is to help you
eval your rag based systems.
I was going to do that.
I was going to implement some
of this today, and I got,
I don't know, I got three hours into and
I realized I was just.
Scratching the surface,
and it wasn't worth it.
It was going to be the whole it was going
to be the whole course
just talking about this.
So I didn't do it, but
it's worth talking about it.
Braggers is really cool.
So if you, if you go into their metrics,
how do I go into their metrics?
Here we go their website.
None of those things
are clickable by the way.
They look like they are, but they're not.
[LAUGH] So if we go into their metrics.
Where are they?
There we go, available metrics.
There we go.
I really like the way they break it down.
So they have some good ones on here.
Context precision, and
this as you can see,
this is what I'm talking about is starting
to get deep you see this math already.
Context precision is actually really good.
This one, basically,
I'll show you the code.
This one basically takes a user input,
what your LLM would respond with,
and then what your vector
database would have retrieved,
and it will tell you how precise
your retrieval mechanism is.
Dd your retrieval mechanism find
the appropriate pieces of data
to answer this question,
given the response that your LLM gave?
And they actually break it
down on a mathematical way to
tell you how they do that.
So, I If this looks scary to you,
it's because it is.
But AutoEvals has this in TypeScript.
So we could use it right now.
You have it, it's in your repo.
But I decided not to use it
because it can get pretty hairy.
Here's an example of how
to do it with a reference.
So a reference is like you already
ran the retrieval ahead of time and
you already know what the reference is, so
you don't need to run the retrieval again.
So you could just put it in here.
So this is like, I'm just testing
the retrieval part directly.
I already ran them ahead of time.
I don't need to run it again.
So here's one and these two use
an LLM to determine that precision.
There's an LLM inside of this
to tell you what's happening and
I can show you that code.
And then it can also do it without an LLM,
where it just like compares these two.
So there is a lot going on here.
There's like noise sensitivity
context entities recall,
faithfulness like there's
a lot of stuff going on here.
And again, there's probably a handful of
people in the world who are just up to
date on all this stuff.
And if it's not the creators of this, it's
probably people who contribute to this.
So this is not something you need to
be up to date with and understand, but
you need to know that there
are systems like this that exist.
And you can pull from and
learn when you need to learn.
But I promise you, every day that I
wake up, there's a new white paper.
I'm like, a better eval metric, a new
standard on how to eval things, right?
For instance, if you're making a coding
agent something that can be a copilot,
you're gonna use SWE-bench, right?
Like SWE-bench is something
that you would run your coding
agent through to detect how
good it is at writing code.
And this is the standard for
coding agents.
And there's tons of these standards.
There's tons of these metrics and
scores that you use depending
on what you're trying to test.
This is why I said this is
someone's full time job.
This is why this is
a team of people's job.
It's just to do this all day, which is
also why I said, if you're looking for
a skill to learn and like be valuable,
it is this skill, in my opinion,
this is extremely valuable.